2012 was the best year of my life.
That's when the Becundo always Frenchers began.
This year's helped us all learn about the Hover.
You wonder, how does it get made?
Let's take a little field trip and find out.
It all starts with the governing body.
They carefully choose what lessons they want to teach us.
Then they give those ideas to the animation team at Bethel.
I talk about it.
Then the megastories.
Now it's ready to record.
Hello!
Time for dinner.
After that, the artists make the store into pictures.
They draw houses and chairs, airplanes and bikes, and 3D people.
The team puts the pictures together to make a movie.
Wow, nice drawing.
What happens next?
Have you ever made stuff with clay?
Well, that's what the modelers do, except on the computer.
Something's missing.
Oh yeah, color.
That's better.
So they write a story, record voices, and design the characters.
Do you know what comes next?
Hey, what's going on?
Caleb, need help?
Uh, I can't move.
That's because you need a rig.
A rig?
3D characters need bones and muscles, just like people.
These bones, along with hundreds of controls, are called a rig.
Whoa, whoa, please stop doing that.
Wanna test out that rig?
Whoa!
How better?
Now I know it's animation time.
Animators make 3D people come to life.
First, they study people.
Then they can make 3D people do the same thing.
What happened?
Looks like we're missing something.
What?
We need lights.
That way everyone can see us.
Can someone please turn on the lights?
See all these pieces flying around?
Somebody has to put them together.
That's pretty cool.
They need to make the sound effects.
Sometimes they get to play with toys.
Then they write music.
Including new songs, like Pray Any Time.
All these kids.
Kids around the world record songs in over 100 languages.
Oh, Sherry.
I'm going to prepare a bunch of things, okay?
Yeah, whoa.
Come on, love's better than it.
Yeah, that's right.
Hey, why do we sound funny?
What we're saying is to be changed into other languages.
Because all over the world can understand us.
Even translate us into sign language.
Jehovah loves children.
This series teaches them more than just right and wrong.
It teaches them that Jehovah is real.
And it helps them to become his friend.
It's okay.
We do it with friend too, just like them.
Do you?